Congratulations guys you've made it through the first section.
Well done for getting this far.
Absolutely.
And these may seem like very humble beginning beginnings but they are a solid foundation for you to
build on.
Hopefully you feel more comfortable with gimp's interface.
Hopefully feel a little bit more comfortable with actually representing things visually even inside
that very simple constraint.
So if they think that my kids aren't quite as complete as they could be maybe missing features like
transparency what are we going to do.
Well as we progressed through the course we always ask you to revisit your previous projects you've
been working on and actually apply the new knowledge you've learned whether it's using layers transparency
et cetera et cetera there's lots more to learn and apply them to your previous projects as well thus
improving them and your knowledge.
As we're going.
But notwithstanding that this is the time to share what you've already done on the forum put yourself
out there.
Sherry in the same space with all of the other people regardless of the fact you know you could do better
later let's share it right now.
Support each other by sharing if you share it makes somebody else feel more comfortable sharing and
is create a virtuous circle.
And the very best icons we find We'll upload to the forum and let everybody use that.
So.
Well let's dive on now into the next section straightaway and let's get cracking over in GIMP.